Doc/enterprise#491 - Expose the SystemCredentials (#1239)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/userman/advanced_features/auth/authorization.md

You can control the access to the functionalities exposed by The Taipy entities
(Data nodes, Tasks, scenarios, ...).

> Taipy Scenario and data management use four predefined user roles names that can be assigned to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taipy Scenario and data management uses four predefined user role names that can be assigned to users.
```

- An *admin* ("TAIPY_ADMIN" role) is not restricted at all.<br/>
  An *admin* is able to perform all actions available to other roles with no
  restrictions.

# Execute code within an Authorized context

An `Authorize^` context lets you create a block of code where function and method calls that
require authorization will find the information in the context.

The general usage of the `Authorize^` context is shown in the following example.

```python
from taipy.auth import Authorize

# Get Credentials from Authentication

> credentials = ...

Reviewer: Can we provide an example of how to build credentials?
